Cashier Stripe QuickStart docs (#9182)
laravel/docs: billing.md

When working with Stripe Checkout, you should always try to create Products up front in your dashboard with pre-defined prices. This will give you the best way possibel to track financial data for your business.

<a name="quickstart-purchasing-products"></a>
### Purchasing Products

To let people pay for single-charged products, we'll build a flow for directing the customer to Stripe Checkout where they can add their payment details and later on be redirected to a success page within your store:

    use Illuminate\Http\Request;
    use Stripe\Checkout\Session;
    use Stripe\Customer;
    
    Route::get('/checkout', function (Request $request) {
        $price = $request->price_id;
        $quantity = $request->quantity;

        return $request->user()->checkout([$price => $quantity], [
            'success_url' => route('checkout-success')',
            'cancel_url' => route('checkout-cancel'),
        ]);
    })->name('checkout');
    
    Route::view('checkout.success)->name('checkout-success');

> As you can see in the example above we provide a redirect to Stripe Checkout for a given Price identifier. In the previous request the customer selected a quantity which we pass along. The `checkout` method already takes care of creating a customer in Stripe and connecting it to your user. After finishing the checkout session, we either redirect them to a dedicated succes or cancelation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in the example above we provide a redirect to Stripe Checkout for a given Price identifier. In the previous request the customer selected a quantity which we pass along. The `checkout` method already takes care of creating a customer in Stripe and connecting it to your user. After finishing the checkout session, we either redirect them to a dedicated success or cancellation page.
```
